Support callable dependencies (#7)
stellarwp/assets: README.md

	->register();
```

You can also specify dependencies as a callable that returns an array of dependencies, like so:

```php
Asset::add( 'script-with-dependencies', 'js/something.js' )
	->set_dependencies( function() {
		return [ 'jquery', 'jquery-ui', 'some-other-thing' ];
	} )
	->register();
```

> Note that the callable will be called when the asset is enqueued, not later, when the asset is printed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the callable will be executed when the asset is **_enqueued_**.
```
